How to perform Web Scraping using Selenium and Python | BrowserStack
The following are all instances of your keyword:
1.Data is a universal need to solve business and research problems. Questionnaires, surveys, interviews, and forms are all data collection methods; however, they don’t quite tap into the biggest data resource available. The Internet is a huge reservoir of data on every plausible subject. Unfortunately, most websites do not allow the option to save and retain the data which can be seen on their web pages. Web scraping solves this problem and enables users to scrape large volumes of the data they need. 
2.Web scraping is the automated gathering of content and data from a website or any other resource available on the internet. Unlike screen scraping, web scraping extracts the HTML code under the webpage. Users can then process the HTML code of the webpage to extract data and carry out data cleaning, manipulation, and analysis. Exhaustive amounts of this data can even be stored in a database for large-scale data analysis projects. The prominence and need for data analysis, along with the amount of raw data which can be generated using web scrapers, has led to the development of tailor-made python packages which make web scraping easy as pie.
3. allows you to gather all the required data using Selenium Webdriver 
4.. Selenium crawls the target URL webpage and gathers data at scale. This article demonstrates how to do web scraping using Selenium.
5. While most websites used for sentiment analysis, such as social media websites, have APIs which allow users to access data, this is not always enough. In order to obtain data in real-time regarding information, conversations, research, and trends it is often more suitable to web scrape the data.
6.Driverless cars, face recognition, and recommendation engines all require data. Web Scraping often offers valuable information from reliable websites and is one of the most convenient and used data collection methods for these purposes.
7. While sentiment analysis is a popular machine learning algorithm, it is only one of many. One thing all machine learning algorithms have in common, however, is the large amount of data required to train them. Machine learning fuels research, technological advancement, and overall growth across all fields of learning and innovation. In turn, web scraping can fuel data collection for these algorithms with great accuracy and reliability.
8.Perform data parsing and manipulation of the content.
9.Reformat, if needed, and store the data for further analysis.
10.In this example, user input is taken for the URL of an article. Selenium is used along with BeautifulSoup to scrape and then carry out data manipulation to obtain the title of the article and all instances of a user input keyword found in it. Following this, a count is taken of the number of instances found of the keyword, and all this text data is stored and saved in a text file called 
11.data
12.data
13.Store the data collected into a text file.
14.How to use tags to efficiently collect data from web scraped HTML pages:
15.This guide explained the process of Web Scraping, Parsing, and Storing the Data collected. It also explored Web Scraping specific elements using locators in Python with Selenium. Furthermore, it provided guidance on how to automate a web page so that the desired data can be retrieved. The information provided should prove to be of service to carry out reliable data collection and perform insightful data manipulation for further downstream data analysis.
There were 15 matches found for the keyword.